template: 2015/na/details.html

# Unconference

As part of last year's conference, we held an [unconference][unconf-wiki] downstairs from
the main stage, in Lola's Room. These sessions provided an outlet for the
community to share ideas and discuss problems at a deeper level than we could on
just the main stage of the conference.

[unconf-wiki]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unconference

This year, we will be repeating the unconference track, with the addition of
some scheduled topics to help guide talk sessions.

If you've never attended an unconference, expect to interact closely with others
from the community. Anyone from the community can suggest and lead a session on
a topic, which could be a presentation, a group discussion on a particular
problem, or anything in between.

## Leading a Session

There is no stage in an unconference, talks instead focus on community
interaction. While standard presentations can work, the format lends better to
discussions within your group.

Whether you have a topic in mind, or maybe just a problem you would like to pose
to the rest of the community, there is no wrong way to lead an unconference
session. Here are a few ideas of how to structure your session, borrowed from
[Scott Berkun's post on unconference sessions][unconference-session]:

 * **Group discussion** - Pick a topic and facilitate a group discussion
 * **The semi-talk** - Use a short presentation to lead into a group discussion
   on a topic
 * **Show and tell** - Show off your latest project, a new tool, or anything
   else you are excited about
 * **Presentation** - Because sessions are meant to be small and inclusive,
   this is a difficult format to lead a session with. You cannot rely on
   slides, because you will not have a screen to present with. Feel free to
   present a longer talk, but expect more interaction from others joining the
   session and break often for questions and discussion

[unconference-session]: http://scottberkun.com/2006/how-to-run-a-great-unconference-session/

## Schedule a Session

Attendees that wish to lead an unconference session have several options for
signing up. We will have a board with all of the sessions for the unconference
track each day, simply post your talk topic on the board if you would like to
speak.

The first chance you will get to post your presentation is on Sunday, at our
Writing Day event and preregistration party. Come down to our base of operations
on Sunday, [Centrl Office][centrl], at any time during the day to get your
badge, meet with fellow community members, and discuss topics for unconference
sessions.

If you don't make it to the Writing Day event or preregistration party, be sure
to head to Lola's Room when you first arrive at the conference to post your
topic.

We will start promoting the unconference sessions early in the day on the days
of the conference, so be sure to post your topic early.

[centrl]: https://goo.gl/maps/xljmU

## Sessions

Unconference sessions will begin after lunch both days, running until the end of
the day. We will start the unconference sessions off each day with some time
for focus on one of several topics:

  * **Documentation and Open Source Software** - Writing documentation for
    open source projects, or using open source tools for your documentation
  * **User Experience** - Making your documentation more usable, or exploring
    how readers use your documentation
  * **Tools** - API reference generation tools, authoring tools, or tools
    for using documentation
  * **Journalism** - We have the delightful people from <a href="http://opennews.org/">OpenNews</a> with us. Let's talk about this other delightful form of written communication.

Following these topics, we will open up the floor to topics, and will continue
with unstructured content until the end of the day.
