Code of Conduct
===============

Short Version
-------------


**Write the Docs** is dedicated to providing a harassment-free
experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation,
disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not
tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. Sexual language
and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks.
Event participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled
from the event without a refund at the discretion of the event
organizers.

Â 

Long Version
------------


### Harassment

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion,
sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking,
following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of
talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome
sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are
expected to comply immediately.

### Exhibitors & Sponsors

Exhibitors in the expo hall, sponsor or vendor booths, or similar
activities are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In
particular, exhibitors should not use sexualized images, activities, or
other material. Booth staff (including volunteers) should not use
sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualized
environment.

### Participants

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expulsion from the event with no refund. If you are being harassed,
notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns,
please **contact a member of event staff immediately**. Event staff can
be identified by t-shirts/special badges.

Event staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue
security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist
those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the
event. We value your attendance.

### Venue & Social Events

We expect participants to follow these rules at all related venues and
social events.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Staff Contact Information

**Eric Holscher**

* eric@writethedocs.org
* +1 (757) 705-0532

**Becky Yoose**

* b.yoose@gmail.com
* +1 (513) 273-1182

### License

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from the [Geek
Feminism wiki, created by the Ada Initiative and other
volunteers](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy),
which is under a [Creative Commons
Zero](http://creativecommons.org/choose/zero/) license.
